Envelope 1 
	Hi,
		This is Tuesday, 13 August 2025. It's a sweet evening time on the back road of my college. The sun is going down and I and my friend Wasim, we were going for playing basketball and we are talking about the new students which have come recently, the 3rd batch of the NFSU Dharwad. And we are on the back road of my college main building and on that road there is a T-point. And before that T-point there is a jump, and me and Wasim are about 10 meters away from that jump and then from another side there is an auto-rickshaw coming. And as the rickshaw slows down to get over the jump, I saw something magical in the rickshaw. This is a damn beautiful girl; is she in the rickshaw smiling with joy? And beside her 2 persons are also there, maybe her parents. This is the new girl which is joining our college, and me and Wasim look at each other and somehow I said, “Boht sundar hai yaar”.
	And then we all friends met at the dinner table and Wasim said, “Bhai, kya sundar ladki dekhi hai yaar, itni sundar.” Then Mridul asked, “Kaun thi woh?” Then I said, “Humein kya pata, par sundar boht thi ek dam mast.” Then all are looking at me and start smiling and then Mridul asked, “Kaise dikhti hai woh?” Then I said, “Are boht sundar hai yaar, thoda patla sa muh hai thodi golu molu si.” Then Borade said, “Dhoondhte hai kaun hai.” Then the search began…
	For the reference, we are the 7 friends. 3 you already met, now the next 4: Yash (we call him Rao), Aditya (we call him Adi), and V. Srinivas (we call him Sinu). Now the search began and we started to search for that girl and we decided that the best option to find that girl is to sit in the mess and look at the new girls coming to the campus. So we started to sit in the mess for a long time, and I have hypermetropia so I can't be able to see long-distance things, so I can't be able to correctly judge how she is. Everyone was asking me, "Is she there?" I said no, and then one day Wasim came to me and said, “Bhai mil gayi.” I said, “Kahan hai? Bata bata.” And we were happy. And then now the second step: what is her name? So one day when we saw that they are going to play something, we saw them in the sports room and Wasim went after them and searched the book and found that her name is Anjali, and he came to us and said, “Bhai uska naam Anjali hai.”
Then the day came when I saw her on Ganesh Chaturthi on 25 Aug 2025. She was in a yellow sari and I saw her that second time and, “Whaa!” Her yellow sari and then her damn cutie face and her beautiful eyes and her curly hairs. One thing I really liked most in her is her eyes. I got her first eye contact and I kept on removing that eye contact because I was not in good clothes, and Mridul kept on saying, “Dekh dekh vahi hai na dekh rahi hai.” “Aur main thoda thoda sharmata chala gaya.” Then that day many times I got eye contact with her. I was getting happy inside and started to say, “Thank you God.”
We had great news from Mridul after a couple of days: “Uska naam Anjali nahi hai, uska naam Nainsi hai aur woh Haryana se hai aur woh B.Sc. ki hai,” and “hum sab khush.”
And during the period of Ganesh Chaturthi, I got fever and the flu, so I wasn't even able to move. During that time we got to know that they became 2 good friends: one is Anjali and the second one is my girl, Nainsi, and then...
One day we thought, "Let's go and talk to them," and we got the info that Anjali is from Lucknow. So Wasim went and talked to her and also introduced me to Nainsi. And then we started to talk about a nice plan. We both were going towards them on that day; she was wearing some blue kind of top and we were on the way to meet them. We knew that they were on the badminton court, some function of Ganesh Chaturthi was going on there. And what we saw, there were 2 persons already talking to them and they had already begun the talk with them. So Wasim said, “Chal na main baat karta hoon.” And then I said, “Rehne de bhai mat kar bezzati ho jayegi, chhod.” And we moved on, saw the function, and got back to the room. After that, days kept going and we kept on seeing that girl and hoping to talk to them, but all day those boys were with them.
Then the days passed and the mid-semester exams were about to start. The exams got over and we were about to go back home for the Diwali break, and then Rao said, “Bhai karna hai toh karle, abhi time hai, baat karke aaja, yahi time hai.” I thought, “Karna toh chahiye.” Then I started asking, “Kaise baat karoon and what to ask them, kya boloon?” And then I got the thing, prepared the plan and made the lines for her. This was my first time and I asked my brother how to approach her; he also gave me the lines and then we had the perfect paragraph to give to her. And then planning to meet her on the date 8 Nov 2025, and I was on the mess road of the college walking and waiting for her, and I saw her coming and... Episode 2 is coming!
	
